Git Errors and Warnings Solution

Should not be doing an octopus 
Octopus is a strategy Git uses to combine many different versions of code together. This message can appear if you try to use this strategy in an inappropriate situation.

You are in 'detached HEAD' state 
HEAD is what Git calls the commit you are currently on. You can “detach” the HEAD by switching to a previous commit, which we’ll see in the next video. Despite what it sounds like, it’s actually not a bad thing to detach the HEAD. Git just warns you so that you’ll realize you’re doing it.

Panic! (the 'impossible' happened) 
This is a real error message, but it’s not output by Git. Instead it’s output by GHC, the compiler for a programming language called Haskell. It’s reserved for particularly surprising errors!

Takeaway We hope these errors and warnings amused you as much as they amused us! Now that you know what kind of errors Git can throw, you’re ready to start checking out previous versions of files with Caroline.

Git command review

Compare two commits, printing each line that is present in one commit but not the other.

git diff will do this. It takes two arguments - the two commit ids to compare. 

Make a copy of an entire Git repository, including the history, onto your own computer.

git clone will do this. It takes one argument - the url of the repository to copy. 

Temporarily reset all files in a directory to their state at the time of a specific commit.

git checkout will do this. It takes one argument - the commit ID to restore. 

Show the commits made in this repository, starting with the most recent.

git log will do this. It doesn't take any arguments.

Behavior of git checkout

Checking out an earlier commit will change the state of at least one file.

This is sometimes true. Git doesn't allow you to save a new commit if no files have been updated, so you might think this is always true. However, it's possible to do the following:

•	Save a commit (call this commit 1).
•	Update some files and save another commit (call this commit 2).
•	Change all the files back to their state during commit 1, then save again (call this commit 3).

This sometimes happens if commit 2 contained a bug, and it's important to fix the bug quickly. The easiest thing to do might be to remove all the changes introduced by commit 2 to fix the bug, then figure out how to safely reintroduce the changes later.

At this point, commit 3 is the latest commit, so if you checkout commit 1, none of the files will be changed. 

Checking out an earlier commit will change the state of more than one file.

Checking out an earlier commit will change the state of every file in the repository.

Both of these are sometimes true. Since each commit tracks the state of all files in the repository, it is possible that checking out an earlier commit will change the state of multiple files, or even all the files in the repository. However, it is possible to save a new commit after changing only one file, so it is possible only one file will change. 

After checking out a commit, the state of all the files in the repository will be from the same point in time.
This is always true. A commit saves a snapshot of all files in the repository at the time the commit was made, so checking out an earlier commit will result in all the files being reverted to their state at the time the commit was made. That is, the files will be in a consistent state.
